---
title : 시스템 설계 면접 공략법
date: 2024-10-14 +2000
categories: [System Design]
tags: [interview-prep]
---
# A Framework For System Design Interviews

### 4 step process for effective system design interview

**1) Understand the problem and establish design scope**

- List of questions to help you get started:
    - What specific features are we going to build?
    - How many users does the product have?
    - How fast does the company anticipate to scale up? What are the anticipated scales in 3months, 6months, and a year?
    - What is the company’s technology stack? What existing services you might leverage to simplify the design?

**2) Propose high-level design and get buy-in**

- Come up with an initial blueprint for the design. Ask for feedback
- Draw box diagrams with key components
    - ex) include clients(mobile/web), APIs, web servers, data stores, cache, CDN, MQs..
- Do back of the envelop calculations to evaluate if your blueprint fits the scale constraints. Think out loud. Communicate with the interviewer if BOTE is necessary before diving into it.
- If possible, go through a few concrete use cases.
    - edge cases
- Ask if API endpoints and db schema is needed

**3) Design deep dive**

- Should have already achieved:
    - agreed on the overall goals and feature scope
    - sketched out a high-level blueprint for the overall design
    - obtained feedback from your interviewer on the high-level design
    - had some initial ideas about areas to focus on in deep dive based on her feedback

**4) Wrap up**

- Few directions to follow :
    - identify the system bottlenecks and discuss potential improvements
    - give a recap of your design
    - error cases (server failure, network loss, etc.)
    - operation issues
        - how do you monitor metrics and error logs? How to roll out the system?
    - how to handle the next scale curve
        - 1M → 10M users
    - propose other refinements you need if you had more time

### Dos & Don’ts

Dos

- Always ask for clarification. Do not assume your assumption is correct.
- Understand the requirements of the problem.
- There is neither the right answer nor the best answer. A solution designed to solve the problems of a young startup is different from that of an established company with millions of users. Make sure you understand the requirements.
- Let the interviewer know what you are thinking. Communicate with your interview.
- Suggest multiple approaches if possible.
- Once you agree with your interviewer on the blueprint, go into details on each component. Design the most critical components first.
- Bounce ideas off the interviewer. A good interviewer works with you as a teammate.
- Never give up.

Don’ts

- Don't be unprepared for typical interview questions.
- Don’t jump into a solution without clarifying the requirements and assumptions.
- Don’t go into too much detail on a single component in the beginning. Give the high-level design first then drills down.
- If you get stuck, don't hesitate to ask for hints.
- Again, communicate. Don't think in silence.
- Don’t think your interview is done once you give the design. You are not done until your interviewer says you are done. Ask for feedback early and often.

### Time Allocation

Step 1 Understand the problem and establish design scope: 3 - 10 minutes

Step 2 Propose high-level design and get buy-in: 10 - 15 minutes

Step 3 Design deep dive: 10 - 25 minutes

Step 4 Wrap: 3 - 5 minutes